# CS-330

**How do I approach designing software?**
Generally, when I approach a new design project, I begin with requirements collecting. For this class, that was very straightforward. From there, I begin to break down pieces of said project into portions to be completed each day. From there, I assign each portion to a day on my calendar to be completed. For the project of this term, I continued to follow that same style. Before this course, I had no experience with OpenGL or 3D scenes of any kind. Every week was something brand new to learn to add to my skillset. 

**How do I approach developing programs?**
Usually, development is very straightforward. I take the portioned out objectives, as mentioned above, and complete them. This is something I have done for some time now and I find it to be very effective. This term, the our project was done in segments. Each week added a new feature until everything came together as a finished product. These iterations were, in my opinion, a great way to learn and develop skills relating to the development of a 3D scene. The ability to learn one piece at a time instead of worrying about a final project all together made learning more enjoyable and less stressful. In addition, receiving weekly feedback for those iterations help improve quality of the final project by allowing us to make sure we understand one section before moving on to the next one. 

**How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?**
My goal, going into my degree program and still today, is to be a full stack engineer. Everything I learn while in school gets me one step closer to that goal. While I am not specifically planning on doing a lot in terms of computational graphics, I can't say that it is something that will never come up. Not only that, but I believe I learned a useful new way of doing things in terms of development with iterations. Builiding a project to an executable form in segments isn't something that I had done before, instead I was always building to a final form and then beginning testing. Developing a project in segments that can be ran and tested in smaller chunks made things far less confusing when encountering issues. That is something that I have every intention of taking forward with me. 
